update readme with current info (#27)
googleinterns/step54-2020: search-sentiments-map/README.md

# Trending Search Sentiment Map

This web application visualizes trending google search topics and their results geographically and performs sentiment analysis on the search results. It is currently deployed at [trending-search-sentiments.appspot.com](trending-search-sentiments.appspot.com).

It is built with NodeJS and it utilizes the Google Maps Javascript API, Google Custom Search API, Google Cloud Natural Language API, Google Charts API, the NodeJS Google Trends API and NodeJS sentiment module. It runs on Google App Engine and uses Datastore for data storage.

#### Commands to run / deploy:

1. Install node_modules with
`npm install`

2. Run the server on localhost:4503 with
`npm start`

3. Deploy to "project-id.appspot.com" with
`gcloud app deploy`

#### A few notes:

Make sure you have set the project ID before deploying or running. To do so, run:
`gcloud config set project PROJECT_ID` or `export GCLOUD_PROJECT=...`

> Make sure you have an **.env** file to run with custom search. File format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have a **.env** file to run with custom search. File format:
```

This web application visualizes trending google search topics and their results geographically and performs sentiment analysis on the search results. 

> It is build with NodeJS and it utilizes the Google Maps Javascript API, Google Charts API, Google Custom Search API, and the NodeJS Google Trends API.

Reviewer 2: Add the cloud language API and the new language API

Commands:

1. Install node_modules with
`npm install`

2. Run the server on localhost:4503 with
`npm start`

3. Deploy to "trending-search-sentiments.appspot.com" with
`gcloud app deploy`

> Need to have project ID set before deploying or running: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have set the project ID before deploying or running. To do so, run: 
```

`gcloud config set project PROJECT_ID` or `export GCLOUD_PROJECT=...`

Need to have an .env file to run with custom search. File format:
SEARCH_API_KEY=key

To update the Datastore indices:
`gcloud app deploy index.yaml`

To update the app engine's cron job:
`gcloud app deploy cron.yaml`

> The cron job that updates trending search topics and their search results is currently set up to run every day at 11am and 11pm, New York time.

Reviewer 2: Change it to be Eastern Time, not New York time.

Author: New York is what cron.yaml uses as the timezone, so I'm putting that here. Also New York is more specific than Eastern cuz you can have eastern in any country

Reviewer 2: Actually Eastern Time(ET) is a time zone. There is only one is Eastern Time. New York is part of Eastern Time. I believe the cron.yaml also says "Eastern Time"(if you check https://pantheon.corp.google.com/appengine/cronjobs?project=trending-search-sentiments that's how it categorizes the time). New York is not mentioned at all. New York time is also not a "timezone", it is the time in a city. That would be like saying "LA Time" instead of "Pacific Time"(which is the timezone).

Author: I was talking about in the cron.yaml file we have " timezone: America/New_York"

Author: But yeah I can put Eastern Time if you feel strong about it

Data is kept in the Datastore for up to 7 days.

> Countries available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Country data:
```

# Trending Search Sentiment Map

This web application visualizes trending google search topics and their results geographically and performs sentiment analysis on the search results. It is currently deployed at [trending-search-sentiments.appspot.com](trending-search-sentiments.appspot.com).

> It is built with NodeJS and it utilizes the Google Maps Javascript API, Google Custom Search API, Google Cloud Natural Language API, Google Charts API, the NodeJS Google Trends API and NodeJS sentiment module. It runs on Google App Engine and uses Datastore for data storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is built with Node.js and it utilizes the Google Maps Javascript API, Google Custom Search API, Google Cloud Natural Language API, Google Charts API, the Node.js Google Trends API and Node.js sentiment module. It runs on Google App Engine and uses Datastore for data storage.
```

#### Commands to run / deploy:

1. Install node_modules with
`npm install`

2. Run the server on localhost:4503 with
`npm start`

3. Deploy to "project-id.appspot.com" with
`gcloud app deploy`

#### A few notes:

Make sure you have set the project ID before deploying or running. To do so, run:
`gcloud config set project PROJECT_ID` or `export GCLOUD_PROJECT=...`

Make sure you have an **.env** file to run with custom search. File format:
SEARCH_API_KEY=key

To update the Datastore indices:
`gcloud app deploy index.yaml`

To update the app engine's cron job:
`gcloud app deploy cron.yaml`

The cron job that updates trending search topics and their search results is currently set up to run every day at 11am and 11pm, New York time.
Data is kept in the Datastore for up to 7 days.

#### Country data files:

> The *countries.geojosn* file has outlines coordinates for each country. Northern Cyprus and Somaliland don't have country codes and therefore their IDs are marked as 'N/A' in countries.geojson. They are not present in the country-code.json file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The *countries.geojson* file has outline coordinates for each country. Northern Cyprus and Somaliland don't have country codes and therefore their IDs are marked as 'N/A' in countries.geojson. They are not present in the country-code.json file.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

The *country-code.json* file has 2-letter country codes and their names, ordered alphabetically by the codes. This is used get search results for each country.

The *country-name.json* file also has 2-letter country codes and their names, but ordered alphabetically by the names. This is used to display the countries available for user searched topics.

> The *countries-with-trends.json* file includes all the countries that we can get trending topics for from the trends API.

Reviewer 3: Add how many countries we can get trending topics from, bc it's around 40 which i think is significantly lower than 180. Correct me if I'm wrong on the 40 value

Author: ok
